What is the capital of France?
What is the capital of Japan?
What is the capital of Australia?
What is the capital of Canada?
What is the capital of Brazil?
What is the capital of Germany?
What is the capital of Italy?
What is the capital of Spain?
What is the capital of China?
What is the capital of India?
What is the capital of Russia?
What is the capital of Mexico?
What is the capital of Egypt?
What is the capital of Argentina?
What is the capital of South Africa?
What is the capital of Kenya?
What is the capital of Nigeria?
What is the capital of Turkey?
What is the capital of Saudi Arabia?
What is the capital of South Korea?
What is the capital of Thailand?
What is the capital of Portugal?
What is the capital of Greece?
What is the capital of Netherlands?
What is the capital of Sweden?
What is the capital of Norway?
What is the capital of Denmark?
What is the capital of Finland?
What is the capital of Poland?
What is the capital of Ukraine?
What is the capital of Romania?
What is the capital of Hungary?
What is the capital of Czech Republic?
What is the capital of Austria?
What is the capital of Switzerland?
What is the capital of Belgium?
What is the capital of Ireland?
What is the capital of New Zealand?
What is the capital of Philippines?
What is the capital of Indonesia?
What is the capital of Vietnam?
What is the capital of Malaysia?
What is the capital of Pakistan?
What is the capital of Bangladesh?
What is the capital of Iran?
What is the capital of Iraq?
What is the capital of Israel?
What is the capital of Jordan?
What is the capital of Morocco?
What is the capital of Algeria?
Which country has the most land area?
What is the longest river in the world?
What is the highest mountain in the world?
What is the largest ocean?
What is the smallest ocean?
What is the largest continent?
What is the smallest continent?
What is the largest country in South America?
What is the largest country in Africa?
What is the tallest mountain in Africa?
What is the longest river in South America?
What is the largest lake in Africa?
What is the largest lake in North America?
What is the deepest lake in the world?
What is the largest desert in the world?
What is the smallest country in the world?
What is the largest island in the world?
What is the capital of Cuba?
What is the capital of Peru?
What is the capital of Chile?
What is the capital of Colombia?
What is the capital of Venezuela?
What is the capital of Ecuador?
What is the capital of Bolivia?
What is the capital of Paraguay?
What is the capital of Uruguay?
What is the capital of Panama?
What is the capital of Guatemala?
What is the capital of Honduras?
What is the capital of Nicaragua?
What is the capital of Costa Rica?
What is the capital of Jamaica?
What is the capital of Ethiopia?
What is the capital of Ghana?
What is the capital of Tanzania?
What is the capital of Uganda?
What is the capital of Zimbabwe?
What is the capital of Mozambique?
What is the capital of Angola?
What is the capital of Cameroon?
What is the capital of Ivory Coast?
What is the capital of Senegal?
What is the capital of Libya?
What is the capital of Tunisia?
What is the capital of Sudan?
What is the capital of Myanmar?
What is the capital of Sri Lanka?
What is the capital of Nepal?
What is the chemical symbol for gold?
What is the chemical symbol for silver?
What is the chemical symbol for iron?
What is the chemical symbol for sodium?
What is the chemical symbol for potassium?
What is the chemical symbol for oxygen?
What is the chemical symbol for hydrogen?
What is the chemical symbol for carbon?
What is the chemical symbol for nitrogen?
What is the chemical symbol for lead?
What is the chemical symbol for copper?
What is the chemical symbol for mercury?
What is the hardest natural substance?
What planet is closest to the Sun?
What planet is farthest from the Sun?
How many planets are in our solar system?
What is the largest planet?
What is the smallest planet?
What is the closest star to Earth?
What gas do plants absorb for photosynthesis?
What gas do plants release during photosynthesis?
What is the powerhouse of the cell?
How many bones are in the adult human body?
How many teeth does an adult human have?
What is the largest organ in the human body?
What is the longest bone in the human body?
What is the smallest bone in the human body?
How many chambers does the human heart have?
What is the boiling point of water in Celsius?
What is the freezing point of water in Celsius?
What is the speed of light in km/s?
What force keeps planets in orbit?
What is the atomic number of hydrogen?
What is the atomic number of carbon?
What is the study of fossils called?
What is the study of earthquakes called?
What is the study of stars called?
What is the study of living things called?
What is the study of matter and energy called?
What is the study of chemicals called?
What is the study of weather called?
What is the study of the Earth called?
What is the study of oceans called?
What is the study of the mind called?
What is the study of insects called?
What is the study of birds called?
What is the study of plants called?
What is the study of fungi called?
What is the study of viruses called?
What is the study of genes called?
What is the most abundant gas in the atmosphere?
What layer of the atmosphere contains ozone?
What is the center of an atom called?
What particles are found in a nucleus?
What is the charge of an electron?
What is the charge of a proton?
What is the unit of electric current?
What is the unit of electrical resistance?
What is the unit of force?
What is the unit of energy?
What is the unit of power?
What is the unit of frequency?
What is the unit of pressure?
What is the chemical formula for water?
What is the chemical formula for salt?
What is the chemical formula for glucose?
What is the chemical formula for carbon dioxide?
What vitamin does sunlight provide?
What vitamin prevents scurvy?
What vitamin is found in carrots?
What is the most abundant element in the universe?
What is the most abundant element in Earth's crust?
How many elements are on the periodic table?
What is the lightest element?
What is the heaviest natural element?
What is the process of a liquid becoming gas?
What is the process of a gas becoming liquid?
What is the process of a solid becoming liquid?
What is the process of a liquid becoming solid?
What is the process of a solid becoming gas?
What type of energy does a moving object have?
What type of energy does a raised object have?
What is the SI unit of temperature?
What is absolute zero in Celsius?
What is DNA short for?
How many pairs of chromosomes do humans have?
What blood type is the universal donor?
What blood type is the universal recipient?
How long does light from the Sun take to reach Earth?
What is the name of our galaxy?
How many moons does Mars have?
How many moons does Earth have?
What is the largest moon of Jupiter?
What is the red spot on Jupiter?
What are the rings of Saturn made of?
What is a shooting star actually?
What is a group of stars called?
In what year did World War 2 end?
In what year did World War 1 start?
Who was the first President of the United States?
Who was the first woman to win a Nobel Prize?
Who invented the telephone?
Who invented the airplane?
Who invented the light bulb?
Who invented the printing press?
Who painted the Mona Lisa?
Who wrote the Declaration of Independence?
Who was the first man to walk on the Moon?
In what year did the Moon landing happen?
Who was Julius Caesar?
In what year did the Berlin Wall fall?
What ancient wonder was located in Alexandria?
What empire did Alexander the Great build?
Who was the first Emperor of China?
What year did the Titanic sink?
What year was the Eiffel Tower built?
Who was Napoleon Bonaparte?
What was the first country to grant women the vote?
What year did the French Revolution start?
Who was the first female Prime Minister of the UK?
Who was the first US female Secretary of State?
Who discovered America in 1492?
What civilization built the pyramids?
Who was Cleopatra?
What was the name of the first satellite in space?
In what year was the first satellite launched?
Who was the first person in space?
In what year was the Magna Carta signed?
Who was Martin Luther King Jr.?
In what year did Martin Luther King Jr. give his famous speech?
Who was Abraham Lincoln?
What war was fought between the North and South of the USA?
In what year did the American Civil War end?
Who was Mahatma Gandhi?
What country did Gandhi lead to independence?
In what year did India gain independence?
Who was Nelson Mandela?
How many years was Mandela imprisoned?
What year was Nelson Mandela released from prison?
Who built the Great Wall of China?
What ancient civilization built Machu Picchu?
Who was the last Tsar of Russia?
What year did the Russian Revolution happen?
Who led the Russian Revolution?
What was the name of the first nuclear bomb used in war?
On what city was the first atomic bomb dropped?
In what year was the United Nations founded?
What year did the Cold War end?
Who was the first leader of the Soviet Union?
What was Adolf Hitler's political party called?
Who was the UK Prime Minister during World War 2?
Who was the US President during World War 2?
What ancient city was buried by Mount Vesuvius?
In what year did Pompeii get buried?
What was the name of the first computer?
What year was the first computer built?
Who invented the World Wide Web?
In what year was the internet publicly launched?
What year did the first iPhone launch?
Who founded Apple Inc?
Who founded Microsoft?
Who founded Amazon?
Who founded Facebook?
What was the first country to use paper money?
What year did the Great Depression start?
What caused the Great Depression?
Who wrote the Communist Manifesto?
What year was the Communist Manifesto published?
Who discovered penicillin?
In what year was penicillin discovered?
What year did the Black Death start in Europe?
What disease caused the Black Death?
Who was the first European to reach India by sea?
Who was the first person to circumnavigate the globe?
What empire was the largest in history by land area?
Who founded the Mongol Empire?
What year did World War 1 end?
What event started World War 1?
Who was assassinated to start World War 1?
What year was the Eiffel Tower completed?
How tall is the Eiffel Tower in meters?
In what year was the Statue of Liberty unveiled?
What country gave the Statue of Liberty to the USA?
What year was the Great Wall of China completed?
What is the oldest university in the world?
What year was the United States founded?
Who was the first leader of Communist China?
What year did China become communist?
What was ancient Rome's biggest arena called?
How many wonders are in the ancient Seven Wonders?
What is the only surviving ancient wonder of the world?
Who was the first person to reach the South Pole?
What year was the South Pole first reached?
Who was the first European to see the Pacific Ocean?
What is the fastest land animal?
What is the largest land animal?
What is the tallest animal?
What is the heaviest animal?
What is the fastest bird?
What is the largest bird?
What is the smallest bird?
What is the longest snake?
What is the most venomous snake?
What is the largest reptile?
What is the largest fish?
What is the fastest fish?
What is the largest primate?
How many legs does a spider have?
How many legs does an insect have?
How many legs does a crab have?
How long is the gestation period of an elephant?
What do you call a group of lions?
What do you call a group of wolves?
What do you call a group of fish?
What do you call a group of birds?
What do you call a group of cows?
What do you call a group of geese?
What do you call a group of whales?
What do you call a group of bees?
What do you call a group of crows?
What do you call a group of owls?
What do you call a baby kangaroo?
What do you call a baby cat?
What do you call a baby dog?
What do you call a baby cow?
What do you call a baby sheep?
What do you call a baby deer?
What do you call a baby bear?
What do you call a baby duck?
What do you call a baby frog?
What do you call a baby butterfly?
What is the lifespan of a giant tortoise?
What is the only mammal that can fly?
What is the only mammal that lays eggs?
What is a group of flamingos called?
What animal has the longest lifespan?
What is the national animal of Australia?
What is the national bird of Australia?
What is the national animal of China?
What is the national animal of USA?
What is the national bird of India?
What is the national animal of India?
What is the national bird of New Zealand?
What animal produces silk?
What insect produces honey?
What is the fastest insect?
How many eyes does a bee have?
How many eyes does a spider have?
What is the largest invertebrate?
How many arms does a starfish normally have?
How many arms does an octopus have?
How many tentacles does a squid have?
What color is an octopus's blood?
What is the only continent with no native reptiles?
What is the most endangered big cat?
What is the largest species of penguin?
What is the smallest species of penguin?
Where do polar bears live?
Where do penguins live?
What do pandas mainly eat?
What do koalas mainly eat?
What do giant tortoises eat?
What is a group of kangaroos called?
What is a group of elephants called?
What is a group of gorillas called?
What type of animal is a Komodo dragon?
What type of animal is a platypus?
What type of animal is a whale?
What type of animal is a dolphin?
What type of animal is a sea horse?
What type of animal is a jellyfish?
What type of animal is a starfish?
What type of animal is a lobster?
What is the world's most poisonous frog?
What is the world's largest frog?
How many hearts does an octopus have?
How many hearts does an earthworm have?
What is the study of whales called?
What is a carnivore?
What is an herbivore?
What is an omnivore?
What do you call an animal that is active at night?
What do you call an animal that sleeps in winter?
What is a marsupial?
What is a mammal that lives in water?
How many species of sharks exist?
What is the most common bird in the world?
What is the most common fish in the ocean?
What is the largest species of bear?
What is the smallest species of bear?
What is the largest species of deer?
What is the smallest mammal?
How long can a snail sleep?
How many stomachs does a cow have?
What country does sushi originate from?
What country does pizza originate from?
What country does pasta originate from?
What country does soy sauce originate from?
What country does croissant originate from?
What country does chocolate originate from?
What country does coffee originate from?
What country does tea originate from?
What country does wine originate from?
What country does vodka originate from?
What country does beer originate from?
What fruit is guacamole made from?
What is the main ingredient in hummus?
What is the main ingredient in tofu?
What grain is bread typically made from?
What grain is sake made from?
What is mozzarella made from?
What is parmesan made from?
What is butter made from?
What is the most consumed beverage in the world?
What is the most consumed hot beverage in the world?
What is the most popular fruit in the world?
What is the world's most expensive spice?
What is the world's hottest spice?
What is the most consumed meat in the world?
What nut is used to make pesto?
What fruit is used to make wine?
What fruit is used to make cider?
What vegetable is kimchi mainly made from?
What is the main ingredient in miso soup?
What country does paella come from?
What country does tacos come from?
What country does curry come from?
What country does dumplings come from?
What country does schnitzel come from?
What country does moussaka come from?
What country does fondue come from?
What country does falafel come from?
What country does baklava come from?
What country does crepe come from?
What is cheddar?
What is brie?
What is gouda?
What is camembert?
What is manchego?
What is feta?
What is ricotta?
What is mascarpone?
What spice makes curry yellow?
What spice makes chili hot?
What herb is pesto mainly made from?
What is the most popular flavor of ice cream?
What is the most popular pizza topping?
How many calories are in a gram of fat?
How many calories are in a gram of protein?
How many calories are in a gram of carbohydrate?
What vitamin is found in citrus fruits?
What mineral strengthens bones?
What mineral is found in bananas?
What is the main sugar in fruit?
What is the main sugar in milk?
What type of fat is considered healthy?
What type of fat is considered unhealthy?
What gas makes soda fizzy?
What is the process of making alcohol called?
What is the process of making cheese called?
What is the process of making bread rise called?
What tool is used to measure temperature in cooking?
What does basting mean in cooking?
What does blanching mean in cooking?
What does sauteing mean in cooking?
What does broiling mean in cooking?
What does marinating mean in cooking?
What is a roux used for in cooking?
What is the Maillard reaction?
What country does dim sum come from?
What country does tiramisu come from?
What country does croissant originate from?
What grain is porridge made from?
What is the main ingredient in guacamole?
What is the main ingredient in salsa?
What is the main ingredient in gazpacho?
What is the main ingredient in borscht?
What country does sauerkraut come from?
What is the main ingredient in ratatouille?
What is the main ingredient in bouillabaisse?
What seafood is in a prawn cocktail?
What is the main ingredient in a Caesar salad?
What nut is used in marzipan?
What is nougat made from?
What is caramel made from?
What is toffee made from?
What is meringue made from?
What is custard made from?
What is mayonnaise made from?
What is hollandaise made from?
How many teaspoons are in a tablespoon?
How many cups are in a pint?
How many fluid ounces are in a cup?
How many players are on a soccer team?
How many players are on a basketball team?
How many players are on a volleyball team?
How many players are on a rugby team?
How many players are on an ice hockey team?
How many players are on a cricket team?
How many players are on an American football team?
How many players are on a baseball team?
How many players are on a polo team?
How many holes are in a round of golf?
How many sets are in a tennis match?
How long is a marathon in kilometers?
How long is an Olympic swimming pool?
How high is a basketball hoop?
How wide is a soccer goal?
What sport is played at Wimbledon?
What sport is played at the Masters?
What sport is played in the Stanley Cup?
What sport is played in the Super Bowl?
What sport is played in the World Series?
What sport is played in the NBA?
What sport is played in the NHL?
What sport is played in the NFL?
What sport is played in the MLB?
What sport is played in the PGA?
How many Grand Slams are in tennis?
Name one Grand Slam tennis tournament.
What country invented basketball?
What country invented soccer?
What country invented cricket?
What country invented rugby?
What country invented table tennis?
What country invented volleyball?
What country invented badminton?
What country invented ice hockey?
How often are the Olympic Games held?
Where were the first modern Olympics held?
What year were the first modern Olympics held?
What are the Olympic rings colors?
How many rings are on the Olympic flag?
What is the Olympic motto?
Who won the most Olympic gold medals?
What sport has the most Olympic events?
What is the highest score in a bowling game?
How many pins are in bowling?
What is a perfect score in gymnastics?
What is a hole in one in golf?
What is a birdie in golf?
What is an eagle in golf?
What is a bogey in golf?
What is a love in tennis?
What is a deuce in tennis?
What is an ace in tennis?
What is a fault in tennis?
What country won the first soccer World Cup?
In what year was the first soccer World Cup?
What country has won the most soccer World Cups?
How many times has Brazil won the World Cup?
What country invented the Tour de France?
How long is the Tour de France?
What is the fastest speed in Formula One?
What country has produced the most Formula One champions?
Who has won the most Formula One championships?
What sport uses a puck?
What sport uses a shuttlecock?
What sport uses a birdie?
What sport uses a mallet?
What sport uses a foil?
What sport uses a pommel horse?
What sport uses a balance beam?
What sport uses a vault?
What sport uses a springboard?
What sport uses a pommel?
What is a slam dunk in basketball?
What is a hat trick in soccer?
What is a hat trick in cricket?
What is a century in cricket?
What is a double century in cricket?
What is a wicket in cricket?
What is a no-ball in cricket?
What is a wide in cricket?
What is a bye in cricket?
What is offside in soccer?
What is a yellow card in soccer?
What is a red card in soccer?
What is a penalty kick in soccer?
How many players can be on a soccer bench?
What shape is a soccer ball?
What material is a cricket ball made from?
What material is a tennis ball made from?
What is the longest tennis match ever played?
How many sets did the Isner-Mahut match last?
What country invented judo?
What country invented karate?
What country invented taekwondo?
What country invented kung fu?
What is the highest belt in karate?
Who painted the Sistine Chapel?
Who painted Starry Night?
Who painted The Last Supper?
Who painted The Scream?
Who painted Girl With a Pearl Earring?
Who painted Guernica?
Who painted The Birth of Venus?
Who painted Water Lilies?
Who sculpted David?
Who sculpted The Thinker?
Who wrote Romeo and Juliet?
Who wrote Hamlet?
Who wrote Macbeth?
Who wrote A Midsummer Night's Dream?
Who wrote 1984?
Who wrote Animal Farm?
Who wrote Harry Potter?
Who wrote The Lord of the Rings?
Who wrote The Hobbit?
Who wrote Pride and Prejudice?
Who wrote Sense and Sensibility?
Who wrote Frankenstein?
Who wrote Dracula?
Who wrote Sherlock Holmes?
Who wrote Moby Dick?
Who wrote The Great Gatsby?
Who wrote War and Peace?
Who wrote Crime and Punishment?
Who wrote Don Quixote?
Who wrote Les Miserables?
Who wrote The Hunchback of Notre-Dame?
Who wrote The Count of Monte Cristo?
Who wrote Oliver Twist?
Who wrote A Tale of Two Cities?
Who wrote Great Expectations?
Who wrote The Adventures of Tom Sawyer?
Who wrote Adventures of Huckleberry Finn?
Who wrote Alice in Wonderland?
Who wrote Treasure Island?
Who wrote Robinson Crusoe?
Who wrote Gulliver's Travels?
Who wrote The Canterbury Tales?
Who wrote the Odyssey?
Who wrote the Iliad?
Who wrote the Divine Comedy?
Who composed Beethoven's 5th?
Who composed Swan Lake?
Who composed The Four Seasons?
Who composed The Magic Flute?
Who composed Carmen?
Who composed La Traviata?
Who composed Ride of the Valkyries?
Who composed Bolero?
Who composed Clair de Lune?
Who composed Moonlight Sonata?
Who is called the King of Rock and Roll?
Who is called the King of Pop?
Who is called the Queen of Soul?
Who sang Bohemian Rhapsody?
Who sang Hotel California?
Who sang Thriller?
Who sang Like a Prayer?
Who sang Billie Jean?
Who sang Smells Like Teen Spirit?
Who sang Stairway to Heaven?
What is the best-selling album of all time?
What is the best-selling single of all time?
How many strings does a guitar have?
How many strings does a violin have?
How many keys does a standard piano have?
How many keys does an octave have?
What is the highest singing voice?
What is the lowest singing voice?
What is the term for the speed of music?
What is the term for the loudness of music?
What does forte mean in music?
What does piano mean in music?
What does allegro mean in music?
What does adagio mean in music?
What is the first Harry Potter book called?
How many Harry Potter books are there?
What is the name of Harry Potter's owl?
What school does Harry Potter attend?
What is the name of Harry Potter's best friend?
What is the platform for the Hogwarts Express?
What house is Harry Potter in?
What is Dumbledore's full first name?
How many Lord of the Rings books are there?
What is the One Ring's inscription language?
Who directed Lord of the Rings?
Who directed Star Wars?
Who directed Jurassic Park?
Who directed Titanic?
Who directed The Godfather?
Who directed Schindler's List?
Who directed Psycho?
Who directed 2001: A Space Odyssey?
Who directed Apocalypse Now?
What year was the first Star Wars movie released?
What is 5 x 5?
What is 12 x 12?
What is the square root of 144?
What is the square root of 64?
What is the square root of 100?
What is the square root of 49?
What is the square root of 81?
What is 2 to the power of 10?
What is 2 to the power of 8?
What is 2 to the power of 5?
What is pi approximately equal to?
How many sides does a hexagon have?
How many sides does a pentagon have?
How many sides does an octagon have?
How many sides does a heptagon have?
How many sides does a decagon have?
How many sides does a triangle have?
How many sides does a quadrilateral have?
What is the sum of angles in a triangle?
What is the sum of angles in a quadrilateral?
What is the sum of angles in a pentagon?
What is the sum of angles in a hexagon?
How many degrees in a circle?
How many degrees in a right angle?
How many degrees in a straight line?
What is the formula for the area of a circle?
What is the formula for the circumference of a circle?
What is the formula for the area of a triangle?
What is the formula for the area of a rectangle?
What is the formula for the volume of a cube?
What is the formula for the volume of a sphere?
What is 25% of 200?
What is 50% of 300?
What is 10% of 500?
What is 20% of 80?
What is 75% of 100?
What is 1/4 as a decimal?
What is 1/2 as a decimal?
What is 3/4 as a decimal?
What is 1/5 as a decimal?
What is 2/5 as a decimal?
What is the name of the number 10 to the power of 100?
What is the highest prime number below 10?
What is the smallest prime number?
Is 1 a prime number?
Is 2 a prime number?
What is a number divisible only by 1 and itself called?
What is the Fibonacci sequence's first five numbers?
What is the next number in Fibonacci after 8?
What is the next number in Fibonacci after 13?
What does the Roman numeral X equal?
What does the Roman numeral L equal?
What does the Roman numeral C equal?
What does the Roman numeral D equal?
What does the Roman numeral M equal?
What does the Roman numeral V equal?
What does the Roman numeral I equal?
What is the Roman numeral for 40?
What is the Roman numeral for 90?
What is the Roman numeral for 400?
What is the binary number for decimal 2?
What is the binary number for decimal 4?
What is the binary number for decimal 8?
What is the binary number for decimal 3?
What is the binary number for decimal 7?
What is 100 in hexadecimal?
What is the value of 0 factorial?
What is the value of 1 factorial?
What is the value of 5 factorial?
What is 7 x 8?
What is 9 x 9?
What is 11 x 11?
What is 13 x 13?
What is 15 x 15?
What is 20 squared?
What is 30 squared?
What is 40 squared?
What is 50 squared?
What is the cube root of 27?
What is the cube root of 8?
What is the cube root of 125?
What is the cube root of 1000?
What is log base 10 of 100?
What is log base 10 of 1000?
What is log base 10 of 10?
What is log base 2 of 8?
How many zeroes are in a million?
How many zeroes are in a billion?
How many zeroes are in a trillion?
What is the mean of 2
What is the median of 1
What is the mode of 1
What is the range of 5
What is the GCF of 12 and 18?
What is the LCM of 4 and 6?
What is the name of a 3D triangle?
What is the name of a 3D rectangle?
What is the name of a 3D circle?
What is a line that touches a circle at one point called?
What is the name for a line through the center of a circle?
What is half the diameter called?
What is the name for all points equidistant from a center?
How many days are in a leap year?
How many days are in a regular year?
How many months have 31 days?
How many months have 28 days?
How many weeks are in a year?
How many hours are in a day?
How many minutes are in an hour?
How many seconds are in a minute?
How many seconds are in an hour?
How many seconds are in a day?
How many colors are in a rainbow?
What are the colors of a rainbow?
What is the color of the sky on a clear day?
What color do you get mixing red and blue?
What color do you get mixing red and yellow?
What color do you get mixing blue and yellow?
What color do you get mixing all primary colors?
What are the three primary colors?
What are the three primary light colors?
How many letters are in the English alphabet?
How many vowels are in the English alphabet?
How many continents are there?
How many oceans are there?
What is the most spoken language in the world?
What is the most spoken language by native speakers?
What is the most widely spoken language?
How many countries are in the United Nations?
What is the most visited country in the world?
What is the most visited city in the world?
What is the currency of USA?
What is the currency of UK?
What is the currency of Japan?
What is the currency of China?
What is the currency of Europe?
What is the currency of India?
What is the currency of Australia?
What is the currency of Canada?
What is the currency of Brazil?
What is the currency of Russia?
What is the currency of Mexico?
What is the currency of Switzerland?
What is the currency of South Korea?
How many stars are on the American flag?
How many stripes are on the American flag?
What do the 50 stars on the American flag represent?
What do the 13 stripes on the American flag represent?
How many stars are on the Chinese flag?
What color is the Chinese flag?
How many stars are on the Australian flag?
What colors are on the French flag?
How many rings are on the Olympic flag?
What do the Olympic rings represent?
What does the United Nations flag look like?
What does UNESCO stand for?
What does NATO stand for?
What does UNICEF stand for?
What does WHO stand for?
What does IMF stand for?
What does GDP stand for?
What does USA stand for?
What does UK stand for?
What does UAE stand for?
What does EU stand for?
What is the name of the Queen's residence in London?
What is the name of the US President's residence?
What is the name of the French President's residence?
What is the name of the Indian Prime Minister's residence?
What is the largest religious building in the world?
What is the largest church in the world?
What is the largest mosque in the world?
What is the largest synagogue in the world?
What is the largest temple in the world?
What is the tallest building in the world?
How tall is the Burj Khalifa in meters?
What country is the Burj Khalifa in?
What is the longest bridge in the world?
What is the longest tunnel in the world?
What is the busiest airport in the world?
What is the largest airport in the world?
What is the oldest national flag?
What is the most widely used symbol in the world?
What is the most practiced religion in the world?
What is the second most practiced religion?
What is the third most practiced religion?
What is the most spoken language in South America?
What is the second most spoken language in South America?
What is the official language of Brazil?
What is the most spoken language in Africa?
What is the most common surname in the world?
What is the most common first name in the world?
What is the most common blood type?
What percentage of the Earth's surface is water?
What percentage of the Earth's surface is land?
What percentage of Earth's water is fresh?
What is the highest temperature ever recorded on Earth?
What is the lowest temperature ever recorded on Earth?
What year did the United Nations form?
What city is the United Nations headquarters in?
What year was the first Olympic Games held in ancient Greece?
How many chambers does the heart have?
What is the normal human body temperature in Celsius?
What is the normal resting heart rate for an adult?
How many liters of blood does the human body have?
What organ filters blood?
What organ produces insulin?
What organ produces bile?
What is the largest organ inside the body?
What is the largest gland in the body?
What organ controls breathing?
What organ controls balance?
What is the main muscle of the heart called?
What is the name of the wind pipe?
What is the name of the food pipe?
What is the small intestine's length?
What is the large intestine's length?
How many lobes does the right lung have?
How many lobes does the left lung have?
What is the outer layer of the skin called?
What is the middle layer of the skin called?
What is the medical term for a broken bone?
What is the medical term for an ear infection?
What is the medical term for a heart attack?
What is the medical term for high blood pressure?
What is the medical term for low blood pressure?
What is the medical term for a stroke?
What is the medical term for a bone doctor?
What is the medical term for a heart doctor?
What is the medical term for a skin doctor?
What is the medical term for an eye doctor?
What is the medical term for a brain doctor?
What is the medical term for a child doctor?
What is the medical term for a tooth doctor?
What vitamin prevents rickets?
What mineral prevents anemia?
What vitamin prevents night blindness?
What disease is caused by lack of vitamin C?
What disease is caused by lack of vitamin D?
What disease is caused by lack of iodine?
What is the most common type of cancer?
What is the most common cause of death worldwide?
What is the most common chronic disease?
What is the most common allergy?
How long does it take for food to digest?
How much water should an adult drink daily?
How many hours of sleep does an adult need?
How many hours of sleep does a newborn need?
How many calories does an average adult need daily?
What is BMI short for?
What BMI is considered healthy?
What is the most common mental health disorder?
What is the most common anxiety disorder?
What hormone is released during exercise?
What hormone controls sleep?
What hormone controls growth?
What hormone controls metabolism?
What hormone is released under stress?
What hormone controls blood sugar?
What hormone regulates the menstrual cycle?
What hormone promotes male characteristics?
What is the medical term for fear of heights?
What is the medical term for fear of spiders?
What is the medical term for fear of enclosed spaces?
What is the medical term for fear of open spaces?
What is the medical term for sleepwalking?
What is the medical term for bedwetting?
What is the medical term for hair loss?
What is the medical term for bad breath?
What is the medical term for snoring?
What is the medical term for fainting?
What is the Hippocratic Oath?
Who is the father of medicine?
What blood type cannot receive other types?
What is the universal blood recipient type?
What carries oxygen in blood?
What are white blood cells called?
What are red blood cells called?
What are platelets called in medical terms?
What is the liquid part of blood called?
What is DNA carried in?
What is RNA's role?
What is a neuron?
What is a synapse?
How fast do nerve signals travel?
What is the largest nerve in the body?
What is the medical term for a nerve?
What is the medical term for muscle pain?
What is the medical term for joint pain?
What is the medical term for stomach pain?
What is the medical term for chest pain?
What is the medical term for back pain?
What is the study of cancer called?
What is the study of the nervous system called?
What is the study of the digestive system called?
What is the study of the respiratory system called?
What is the study of joints called?
What is the study of the endocrine system called?
How many teeth does a child have?
How many bones are in the human hand?
How many bones are in the human foot?
How many bones are in the human skull?
How many vertebrae are in the human spine?
What element has the atomic number 79?
What is the powerhouse of the cell?
What gas do plants absorb during photosynthesis?
What is the hardest natural substance on Earth?
What planet has the most moons?
What is the chemical symbol for potassium?
What organ produces insulin?
What is the fastest land animal?
What is the most abundant gas in Earth's atmosphere?
What subatomic particle has a negative charge?
What is the study of fungi called?
What is the rarest blood type?
What bone is the stirrup bone found in?
What is the chemical formula for table salt?
What planet is known as the Red Planet?
What is the process by which a liquid becomes a gas?
What is the nucleus of a comet called?
What type of bond involves sharing electrons?
What is the unit of electrical resistance?
What is the largest organ of the human body?
What is the speed of light in a vacuum measured in km/s approximately?
What is the term for a positively charged ion?
What is the name for the study of earthquakes?
What gas makes up most of the Sun?
What is the chemical symbol for silver?
What vitamin is produced when skin is exposed to sunlight?
What is the most common element in the universe?
What is the name of the protein that carries oxygen in blood?
What is the study of heredity called?
What is the smallest planet in our solar system?
What type of rock is formed from cooled lava?
What is the term for animals that eat only plants?
What is the outermost layer of the Earth called?
What is the process by which plants make food?
What is the chemical formula for water?
What is the name of the force that keeps planets in orbit?
What is the branch of biology dealing with classification?
What is the unit of frequency?
What is the largest cell in the human body?
What is the term for the splitting of an atom's nucleus?
What ancient wonder was located in Alexandria?
What empire was ruled by Genghis Khan?
In what country did the Renaissance begin?
What was the first country to give women the right to vote?
What ancient city was buried by Mount Vesuvius?
Who was the first Roman Emperor?
What civilization built Machu Picchu?
In what decade did World War I begin?
What river is the longest in the world?
What is the largest country by land area?
What city was divided by a wall from 1961 to 1989?
What is the capital of Australia?
What empire was led by Suleiman the Magnificent?
In what country is the Amazon River mostly located?
What mountain range separates Europe from Asia?
What is the smallest country in the world?
What ancient civilization built the Colosseum?
What country is home to Angkor Wat?
Who was the first President of the United States?
What is the capital of Canada?
What ocean is the largest?
What country did the Aztec Empire originate in?
In what year did the French Revolution begin?
What river runs through Egypt?
What sea separates Europe from Africa at its narrowest point?
Who was the first Pharaoh of Egypt?
What is the capital of Argentina?
What dynasty built the Great Wall of China?
What desert is the largest in the world?
What city was the capital of the Byzantine Empire?
What country did Napoleon Bonaparte come from?
In what continent is the Sahara Desert located?
What is the tallest mountain in the world?
What civilization created the first written language?
What country has the most natural lakes?
What war was fought between North and South Korea from 1950 to 1953?
What is the longest river in Europe?
What is the capital of Japan?
What ancient wonder stood at Rhodes?
What is the capital of South Africa's legislative branch?
Who wrote 'Crime and Punishment'?
What is the longest word in the English language without a vowel?
Who wrote 'One Hundred Years of Solitude'?
In what language was 'Don Quixote' originally written?
What is the fear of books called?
Who wrote 'The Iliad'?
What is the term for a word that reads the same forwards and backwards?
Who wrote 'Ulysses'?
What is the name for a story with a hidden moral meaning?
Who wrote 'Thus Spoke Zarathustra'?
What literary device involves giving human traits to non-human things?
Who wrote 'In Search of Lost Time'?
What is the term for the repetition of consonant sounds?
Who wrote 'The Brothers Karamazov'?
What writing system uses wedge-shaped marks?
Who wrote 'Paradise Lost'?
What literary movement was Hemingway associated with?
Who wrote 'The Aeneid'?
What is the Japanese word for empty orchestra?
Who wrote 'Les Misérables'?
What is a word that imitates the sound it describes?
Who wrote 'Anna Karenina'?
What is the study of word meanings called?
Who wrote 'The Divine Comedy'?
What is a poem of fourteen lines called?
Who wrote 'The Odyssey'?
What is the term for an introductory section of a book?
Who wrote 'Faust'?
What figure of speech compares using 'like' or 'as'?
Who wrote 'Middlemarch'?
What is the ratio of a circle's circumference to its diameter?
What is the term for a number divisible only by 1 and itself?
What is the square root of 144?
What is the branch of math dealing with triangles?
What is the term for the longest side of a right triangle?
What mathematician developed calculus simultaneously with Newton?
What is the value of 0 factorial?
What is the study of shapes and spaces called?
What is the base of the natural logarithm?
What is a polygon with ten sides called?
What is the term for a number that is its own square root?
What is the imaginary unit denoted as?
What is the term for an equation with two variables?
What branch of math uses letters to represent unknowns?
What is the sum of angles in a triangle?
What is the term for a line touching a circle at one point?
What is the ancient Greek term for the study of logic?
What is 2 to the power of 10?
What is the name for the set of all possible outputs of a function?
What is the term for a matrix whose transpose equals its inverse?
Who composed the 'Moonlight Sonata'?
What is the term for unaccompanied choral music?
Who painted 'The Starry Night'?
What is the highest female singing voice?
Who sculpted 'David'?
Who composed 'The Four Seasons'?
What art movement did Salvador Dalí belong to?
Who painted the Sistine Chapel ceiling?
What is the lowest male singing voice?
Who composed 'Swan Lake'?
What is the term for a picture made of small tiles?
Who painted 'Girl with a Pearl Earring'?
What is the Japanese art of paper folding?
Who composed 'The Magic Flute'?
What is the term for a painting done on wet plaster?
Who painted 'The Birth of Venus'?
What is the fastest tempo marking in classical music?
Who composed 'Ode to Joy'?
What is the art of beautiful handwriting called?
Who composed 'The Nutcracker'?
What is the term for a solo piece for an instrument?
Who painted 'Las Meninas'?
What is the art of woodblock printing from Japan called?
Who composed 'Messiah'?
What is a piece of music for two performers called?
Who painted 'The Last Supper'?
What is the art of making stained glass images called?
Who composed 'Clair de Lune'?
What is the Japanese art of flower arranging?
Who wrote 'The Republic'?
What is the Buddhist concept of enlightenment?
Who is considered the father of modern philosophy?
What Hindu concept refers to the soul's journey through reincarnation?
Who wrote 'Critique of Pure Reason'?
What is the Islamic concept of fate called?
Who founded Taoism?
What is the Jewish day of atonement?
Who wrote 'Being and Nothingness'?
What is the Hindu concept of moral duty?
Who was the Greek god of wisdom?
What is the term for the belief in no god?
Who developed the philosophy of Stoicism?
What is the Buddhist concept of impermanence?
Who wrote 'Leviathan'?
What is the Zoroastrian sacred text called?
Who was the Roman god of war?
What is the philosophical study of beauty called?
Who founded the Quakers?
What is the Jewish mystical tradition called?
Who wrote 'The Prince'?
What Greek philosopher was sentenced to death by hemlock?
What is the Islamic pilgrimage to Mecca called?
Who wrote 'Meditations'?
What is the concept of cause and effect in Buddhism?
Who wrote 'Beyond Good and Evil'?
What is the Shinto concept of spiritual energy?
Who was the Norse god of thunder?
What is the term for a logical argument from general to specific?
What does CPU stand for in computing?
What language is used to style web pages?
What is the term for malicious software?
Who invented the World Wide Web?
What is the binary equivalent of the decimal number 8?
What is the programming language named after a snake?
What is the term for a computer network within a building?
Who developed the Linux operating system?
What is the term for hidden instructions in a program?
What does URL stand for?
What is the most widely used database query language?
Who co-founded Apple with Steve Jobs?
What is the term for encrypting communication over the internet?
What does RAM stand for?
What is the programming term for a self-referencing function?
What is the name for a software vulnerability not yet patched?
Who invented the first programmable electronic computer?
What is the term for the main circuit board of a computer?
What is the standard protocol for email transmission?
What does GPU stand for?
What is the term for a program that runs automated tasks online?
What is the fundamental unit of quantum computing?
What is the programming concept of hiding data within objects?
What is the name for a distributed ledger technology?
Who co-founded Microsoft with Bill Gates?
What is the term for a perfect score in bowling?
What country invented the game of chess?
What is the term for a score of -1 in golf?
How many players are on a polo team?
What martial art translates to 'gentle way'?
What is the highest possible break in snooker?
In which sport is the term 'love' used for zero?
What is the term for consecutive strikes in bowling?
What country hosts the Wimbledon tennis tournament?
What sport uses a shuttlecock?
What is the diameter of a basketball hoop in inches?
What term means running at a comfortable pace?
What chess piece can move in an L-shape?
In which sport would you perform a Fosbury Flop?
What is the Japanese martial art using wooden swords called?
What country invented table tennis?
How many holes are in a standard round of golf?
What is the term for a volleyball serve that cannot be returned?
What sport uses a puck?
What is the highest belt in martial arts?
How many points is a bullseye worth in darts?
What is the main ingredient in guacamole?
What is the Japanese rice wine called?
What spice gives turmeric its yellow color?
What is the Italian word for 'outside' in cooking?
What country did sushi originate in?
What is the primary ingredient in hummus?
What type of pastry is used for a croissant?
What is the French term for a slow-cooked stew?
What gives sourdough bread its tangy flavor?
What is the name of the Indian flatbread cooked in a tandoor?
What country is feta cheese originally from?
What is the main ingredient in miso?
What is the term for cooking food sealed in vacuum bags?
What spice is known as 'red gold' due to its price?
What country does kimchi originate from?
What is the Italian term for al dente when translated?
What is the Moroccan slow cooker pot called?
What is the primary ingredient in tempeh?
What country is Gouda cheese from?
What is the Japanese term for a chef's special selection?
What is the chemical name for baking soda?
What herb is pesto primarily made from?
What is the name of the French cooking technique using butter?
What spice is derived from the stigma of a flower?
What is the name for a Spanish cold tomato soup?
What is the term for an economy with high unemployment and inflation?
What is the term for the total value of goods produced in a country?
Who wrote 'The Wealth of Nations'?
What is the term for the rise in general price levels?
What is the term for a market with only one seller?
What is the economic principle of diminishing returns called?
What is the term for a government's revenue from taxes?
Who developed the theory of comparative advantage?
What is the term for money supply in an economy?
What is the term for a rapid economic decline?
What is the economic concept of a free market price?
What is the term for the cost of not choosing an alternative?
What is the name for the invisible hand theory?
What is the term for excessive money chasing fewer goods?
What is the economic term for underground unrecorded activity?
Who wrote 'The General Theory of Employment
What is the term for buying and selling in different markets for profit?
What is the term for foreign exchange risk?
What is the term for a market with two dominant sellers?
What is the term for the base interest rate set by a central bank?
What is the medical term for the collarbone?
What part of the brain controls balance?
What is the medical term for high blood pressure?
What is the term for surgical removal of the appendix?
What hormone regulates blood sugar levels?
What is the medical term for a broken bone?
What is the study of the heart called?
What vitamin deficiency causes scurvy?
What is the medical term for the kneecap?
What are the tiny air sacs in the lungs called?
What is the term for excessive thirst as a symptom?
What is the longest bone in the human body?
What is the medical term for the shoulder blade?
What part of the body does nephrology study?
What is the medical term for an inflammation of the liver?
What is the term for the medical imaging using magnetic fields?
What is the medical term for loss of memory?
What is the term for a benign fatty lump under the skin?
What is the study of skin diseases called?
What protein forms hair and nails?
What is the medical term for low blood sugar?
What is the thin membrane surrounding the heart called?
What is the study of the nervous system called?
What is the medical term for the voice box?
What is the term for involuntary muscle contraction?
What is the closest star to our solar system?
What type of galaxy is the Milky Way?
What is the name for a neutron star that emits pulses?
What is the term for the point of no return around a black hole?
What is the name of Jupiter's largest moon?
What is the term for a rocky body orbiting the sun?
What is the name for the explosion of a massive star?
What is the term for the bending of light around a massive object?
What is the name of the largest volcano in the solar system?
What is the study of the universe's origins called?
What is the name of Saturn's largest moon?
What is the term for the apparent shift in position of nearby stars?
What is the name of the galaxy nearest to the Milky Way?
What is the term for a region with extreme gravitational pull?
What is the name for Jupiter's Great Red Spot?
What is the cosmic scale of distance equal to 3.26 light-years?
What is the term for a comet's luminous tail?
What is the name of Neptune's largest moon?
What is the term for a star in its final stage collapsing into itself?
What is the background radiation left over from the Big Bang called?
Who developed psychoanalysis?
What is the term for the fear of open spaces?
Who proposed the hierarchy of needs?
What is the term for learning by imitation?
What is the psychological term for irrational fear?
Who developed the theory of cognitive development?
What is the term for the inability to recognize faces?
What is the psychological concept of protecting the ego?
Who coined the term 'collective unconscious'?
What is the term for attributing our feelings to others?
What is the study of human societies called?
Who developed the concept of classical conditioning?
What is the term for extreme mood swings?
What is the term for choosing information that confirms beliefs?
Who wrote 'The Interpretation of Dreams'?
What is the psychological term for a feeling of unreality?
What is the term for copying another's behavior unconsciously?
Who developed operant conditioning?
What is the term for a false belief not changed by evidence?
What is the term for memory of one's own past experiences?
What is the lightest element?
What is the process of gaining electrons called?
What is the term for a substance that speeds up a reaction?
What is the atomic number of carbon?
What is the term for a solution with pH above 7?
What is the name for the Noble gas in period 2?
What is the term for a substance that resists pH change?
What is the lightest Noble gas?
What is the chemical symbol for gold?
What is the term for a carbon compound?
What is the process of converting sugar to alcohol called?
What is the term for the energy needed to start a reaction?
What is the name for a negatively charged ion?
What is the chemical symbol for iron?
What is the term for the arrangement of electrons in shells?
What is the term for the mass of one mole of a substance?
What is the name for the bond between hydrogen and oxygen in water?
What is the chemical symbol for mercury?
What is the term for a substance that cannot be decomposed chemically?
What is the process of separating mixtures using boiling points?
What is the term for a government ruled by a few?
What is the term for the right to vote?
What is the term for a law enacted by a legislature?
What is the term for a state ruled by religious law?
What is the term for a government overthrow?
What is the Latin term for 'let the decision stand'?
What is the term for international law governing war?
What is a writ requiring a person to appear before a court?
What is the term for a rule by the people?
What is the term for diplomatic immunity?
What is the legal term for an intentional false statement?
What is the Latin term for 'in good faith'?
What is the term for a government with no ruler?
What is the term for the process of making laws?
What is the legal principle meaning 'the thing speaks for itself'?
What is the term for a legal representative?
What is the Latin term for 'the body of the crime'?
What is the term for rule by one absolute ruler?
What is the term for diplomatic negotiations?
What is the legal term for a wrong that causes injury?
What is the term for a word with the same meaning?
What is the term for a word with the opposite meaning?
What is the study of language called?
What is the term for a word that sounds like another?
What is the original language of the New Testament?
What is the term for the study of language sounds?
What is the term for a word with multiple meanings?
What is the term for adding letters to the beginning of a word?
What is the most spoken language in the world?
What is the term for a dialect of a language?
What is the term for language used by a specific group?
What is the oldest known written language?
What is the term for the rhythm of speech?
What is the term for a phrase whose meaning differs from its words?
What is the term for sentence structure study?
What language family does English belong to?
What is the term for a new word coined for a concept?
What is the study of word formation called?
What is the term for excessive use of 'um' and 'uh'?
What is the term for a regional language variation?
Who was the Greek god of the sea?
What is the Japanese concept of finding beauty in imperfection?
Who was the Egyptian god of the dead?
What is the term for the Hindu concept of illusion?
Who was the Norse trickster god?
What is the Chinese concept of vital life force?
Who was the Roman goddess of love?
What is the term for stories explaining natural phenomena?
Who was the Aztec god of the sun?
What is the Japanese concept of continuous improvement?
Who was the Greek goddess of wisdom?
What is the African philosophical concept of community?
Who was the Mesopotamian hero who sought immortality?
What is the French term for the spirit of a time period?
Who was the Hindu god of destruction?
What is the term for a sacred Native American object?
Who was the Mayan god of rain?
What is the Danish concept of coziness and contentment?
Who was the Greek god of fire?
What is the term for the Japanese way of the warrior?
Who was the Celtic goddess of battle?
What is the term for a sacred site in indigenous Australian culture?
Who was the Sumerian god of wisdom?
What is the Swahili term for a sense of collective purpose?
Who was the Greek god of music?
What is the Norse concept of fate?
Who was the Persian god of light?
What is the Hawaiian concept of life force?
Who was the Slavic god of thunder?
What is the term for sacred songs in Hinduism?
What architectural style features pointed arches?
What is the term for a curved structure spanning an opening?
Who designed the Sagrada Família?
What is the Japanese minimalist design principle?
What is the term for a building's framework?
Who designed the Fallingwater house?
What is the term for a column with a twisted design?
What architectural style features circular windows?
What is the term for the keystone in an arch?
Who designed the Guggenheim Museum in Bilbao?
What is the term for a large circular roof opening?
What architectural style features flat roofs and open plans?
What is the term for a covered walkway with columns?
Who designed the Louvre Pyramid?
What is the Japanese term for the gateway to a shrine?
What is the engineering term for the central stone of an arch?
What is a dome-shaped structure supported by a network of triangles called?
Who designed the Sydney Opera House?
What is the term for the art of garden design?
What is the term for a recessed panel in a ceiling?
Who designed the Eiffel Tower?
What is the term for a horizontal decorative band on a building?
What is the traditional Japanese architectural feature of a sliding door?
What is the term for the science of building strong structures?
What is the term for an overhanging part of a building?
What is the term for an animal that is active at night?
What is the name for the energy stored in chemical bonds?
What is the term for a species found only in one location?
What is the name for the study of birds?
What is the term for the transition zone between two ecosystems?
What is the name for a fungus-algae symbiotic organism?
What is the term for the protective outer layer of a seed?
What is the name for the study of insects?
What is the term for a plant that grows on another plant?
What is the process by which nitrogen enters the soil called?
What is the name for the study of fish?
What is the term for the gradual change in an ecosystem over time?
What is the name for a dormant bud that remains underground?
What is the term for sound waves above human hearing range?
What is the name for the study of shells?
What is the term for an atom with different neutron numbers?
What is the name for the study of reptiles?
What is the chemical element with symbol Pb?
What is the term for the mutual benefit relationship between species?
What is the name for the study of spiders?
What is the term for the point where tectonic plates meet?
What is the name of the enzyme that breaks down starch?
What is the term for movement of animals following food and seasons?
What is the name for a molecule that carries genetic information?
What is the term for the electrical charge of a proton?
What is the name for the study of prehistoric life?
What is the term for the amount of space an object occupies?
What is the name for a plant that lives only one year?
What is the term for a substance dissolved in a solution?
What is the term for an organism that breaks down dead material?
What is the name for the force opposing motion?
What is the term for an organism that makes its own food?
What is the name for the process of cell division?
What is the term for rock formed from compressed sediment?
What is the name for the uppermost layer of a rainforest?
Which country hosted the first FIFA World Cup?
Which country has won the most World Cup titles?
Who is the all-time top scorer in World Cup history?
Which year did Brazil win their first World Cup?
What is the name of the World Cup trophy?
Which country won the 2018 World Cup?
Which country won the 2022 World Cup?
Who scored the "Hand of God" goal?
Which player has appeared in the most World Cup matches?
What is the maximum number of teams in a modern World Cup?
Which country hosted the 2014 World Cup?
Which country hosted the 2010 World Cup?
Who won the Golden Boot at the 2022 World Cup?
What colour card can get a player sent off?
Which country did Ronaldo represent at the World Cup?
In which city was the 2014 World Cup final held?
Which stadium hosted the 1966 World Cup final?
What shape is the World Cup trophy?
Which country lost the most World Cup finals?
Which goalkeeper saved the most penalties in World Cup history?
Which country won the 2006 World Cup?
Which country won the 2010 World Cup?
Which country hosted the 1998 World Cup?
Who won the Golden Ball at the 2022 World Cup?
Which year was the first Women's World Cup held?
Which country won the inaugural Women's World Cup?
What does FIFA stand for in English?
Who was the top scorer at the 1998 World Cup?
Which team beat Brazil 7-1 in 2014?
What was the score in the famous 2014 semifinal?
Which country hosted the 2002 World Cup alongside Japan?
Which player won three World Cup Golden Ball awards?
What colour is the World Cup trophy?
How many times has France won the World Cup?
Which African country reached the 2010 World Cup semifinals?
Who scored in the 2022 World Cup final for Argentina?
How many goals did Just Fontaine score in one World Cup?
Which country hosted the 1994 World Cup?
Who won the 2002 World Cup Golden Boot?
Which player scored a hat-trick in the 2022 World Cup final?
In which country was Pele born?
Which team did Germany beat in the 2014 final?
Which country won the first European World Cup title?
What year did England win the World Cup?
How many World Cups has Germany won?
Which country has hosted the World Cup the most times?
Who was the coach of Spain's 2010 World Cup winning team?
Which Italian goalkeeper was famous in the 1990s World Cups?
Which country's team is known as the Socceroos?
Which country is known as the "Albiceleste"?
Which country's national team is called the Azzurri?
What animal is associated with the 1966 World Cup mascot?
Which country hosted the 1986 World Cup?
Who scored the winning goal in the 2010 World Cup final?
Which country won the World Cup in 1978?
Who was the 2014 World Cup Golden Glove winner?
Which player is known as "The Phenomenon"?
How many teams competed in the first World Cup?
Which country did Zidane represent?
How many times did Pele win the World Cup?
Which country's team wears orange traditionally?
What is the nickname of the Brazilian national team?
Who hosted the very first World Cup match?
Which country has the most World Cup runner-up finishes?
Which year was the World Cup expanded to 32 teams?
What word describes a score of 0-0 at full time?
Who won the 2022 World Cup Golden Glove?
Which country did Thierry Henry represent?
What is the term for three goals by one player?
Which country won back-to-back World Cups in 1958 and 1962?
How many players are on a football team at one time?
Which country hosted the 1982 World Cup?
Who scored the most goals in a single World Cup tournament before Fontaine?
Which country is Lionel Messi from?
Which country's fans are known for their drumming and samba?
Which African nation made history reaching the 2002 quarterfinals?
Who won the Ballon d'Or after the 2018 World Cup?
Which player from Croatia impressed in 2018?
How many minutes in normal time of a World Cup match?
Which country beat Germany in the 2018 group stage?
Who was the 2018 World Cup top scorer?
How many World Cups has Argentina won?
Which stadium hosted the 2006 World Cup final?
Which country did Ronaldo (R9) represent in four World Cups?
What is the name of the 2002 World Cup mascot?
Who scored the fastest hat-trick in World Cup history?
Which country won the 1954 World Cup?
What city hosted the 1950 World Cup decisive match?
Which country reached the 1930 World Cup final from Europe?
Who won the 1994 World Cup?
Which country has never hosted the World Cup before 2026?
Which country's player scored the most own goals in one World Cup?
Which country eliminated England in the 2022 World Cup?
Who was the Germany coach in 2014?
Which country won the 1962 World Cup?
What is the term for the round before the final?
Who beat Argentina in the 2022 semifinal? (trick — Argentina won)
Which team did Argentina beat in the 2022 semifinal?
Which year did Germany win its fourth World Cup?
Which goalkeeper won the Golden Glove at the 2018 World Cup?
Which country is Courtois from?
How many substitutes are allowed in a modern World Cup match?
Which city hosted the 1994 World Cup final?
Which country beat Brazil in the 1950 "Maracanazo"?
What is the name of the ball used in the 2022 World Cup?
Which country won the 1970 World Cup?
In which country was the 1970 World Cup held?
Who was Brazil's goalkeeper in the 1970 World Cup?
Which player wore the famous number 10 for Brazil in 1970?
Which country hosted the 1974 World Cup?
Who won the 1974 World Cup?
Which Dutch player was famous in 1974?
Which country won the 1966 World Cup?
Who was England's 1966 World Cup top scorer?
Who scored a hat-trick in the 1966 World Cup final?
Which country beat Italy in the 2006 World Cup final on penalties?
Which country lost the 2006 World Cup final?
Who headbutted Materazzi in 2006?
How many penalty shootouts happened in the 2022 World Cup?
Which country knocked out Brazil in the 2022 quarterfinals?
Which country hosted the 1930 World Cup?
Who won the 1930 World Cup?
What is the word for a penalty awarded in the box?
Who was England's manager in 2018?
What country does Modric play for?
Which country lost to France in the 2018 World Cup final?
What nationality is Didier Deschamps?
Who was the youngest player ever at a World Cup?
Which country did Norman Whiteside represent?
At what age did Pele win his first World Cup?
Which country eliminated Argentina in the 2018 group stage? (trick — France eliminated Argentina in Round of 16)
Which city hosted the 2018 World Cup final?
Which stadium hosted the 2018 World Cup final?
How many nations have won the World Cup?
Which country has the best World Cup win percentage?
Which country qualified for every World Cup until 2018?
Who was Brazil's coach at the 2014 World Cup?
Who scored the opening goal of the 2014 World Cup?
Which player suffered a back injury at the 2014 World Cup?
Which country beat England in the 2022 quarterfinals?
Which country won the 2026 World Cup? (Future — not yet played)
What is the name of the 2026 World Cup host trio?
How many teams will compete in the 2026 World Cup?
Which country scored the most goals in 2022?
What is the name for the group stage in a World Cup?
What round comes after the group stage?
How many groups are in a 32-team World Cup?
How many teams advance from each group?
What is the name of the match for third place?
Which country has won the most consecutive World Cup matches?
Which country holds the record for most goals in one World Cup game?
What was the biggest margin of victory in World Cup history?
Which player missed the decisive penalty in the 1994 final?
Which country did Roberto Baggio play for?
Which country won the 1938 World Cup?
Which country hosted the 1938 World Cup?
Who was the 1938 World Cup top scorer?
Which country won the 1950 World Cup?
Which country was expected to win the 1950 World Cup but lost?
What is the Brazilian word for their iconic yellow jersey? (English word for colour)
Which country won the World Cup in 1934?
Which country hosted the 1934 World Cup?
Who won the 1958 World Cup?
Which country was Sweden in the 1958 World Cup final?
Who was the top scorer in the 1966 World Cup?
Which country did Eusebio represent?
Which country did Cafu play for?
Which player made the most World Cup appearances before Messi broke the record?
Which country did Lothar Matthaus represent?
What is the name for the round of the last 16?
What colour jerseys did Brazil wear in 1950?
What colour jerseys does Brazil traditionally wear?
Which country's fans are called the "Tartan Army"?
Which country beat France in the 2022 quarterfinals? (trick — Morocco beat Portugal)
Who did Morocco beat in the 2022 quarterfinals?
Which country did Morocco beat in the 2022 semifinal? (they lost to France)
What was the first African nation to reach the World Cup semifinal?
Which country is Achraf Hakimi from?
Which goalkeeper was known as "The Spider" at the World Cup?
Which country did Lev Yashin represent?
Which country won the 1958 World Cup Golden Boot? (Fontaine)
Which player scored 13 goals in 1958?
How many goals does the World Cup all-time record holder Klose have?
Which country does Klose represent?
Which year did the World Cup first use goal-line technology?
Which year was the VAR first used at the World Cup?
What does VAR stand for? (one word of acronym)
Which country eliminated Portugal in the 2022 quarterfinals?
Who was Portugal's manager in 2022?
Who is Portugal's all-time top scorer?
Which player wears the number 7 for Portugal?
Which country did Cristiano Ronaldo help qualify for multiple World Cups?
Which country's team is known as the Lions of Atlas?
Which country is Karim Benzema from?
Who won the 2022 Ballon d'Or before the World Cup?
Which country's team plays in white and red stripes?
Which country's kit is green and white?
Which country upset Argentina in the 2022 group stage?
What was the score when Saudi Arabia beat Argentina?
Which country knocked Italy out of the 2022 qualifying?
Which country failed to qualify for 2022 despite winning in 2006?
Which player captained France in 2022?
Who scored France's goals in the 2022 final?
How old was Mbappe when he won the 2018 World Cup?
Which country did Ronaldo win the World Cup with? (trick — he never won)
What is the name for a goal scored directly from a corner?
Which country used the "Total Football" philosophy?
Who invented Total Football?
Which club did Cruyff play for most famously?
Which country's national anthem is called La Marseillaise?
Which country's football federation is the oldest?
What year was FIFA founded?
Where is FIFA headquartered?
In which country is Zurich located?
Which country hosted the 2002 World Cup alongside South Korea?
What city in South Korea hosted the 2002 World Cup final?
Who won the 2002 World Cup?
Who scored the winning goals in the 2002 World Cup final?
Which country lost the 2002 World Cup final?
Who was Germany's goalkeeper in the 2002 final?
Who won the 2002 Golden Ball?
Which country knocked out the defending champions (France) in 2002?
What was France's result in the 2002 group stage?
Which country beat Spain on penalties in 2022?
Which country knocked Germany out in the 2018 group stage? (trick: Mexico in groups, South Korea in final game)
Which country did Germany draw with in 2010 to advance? (trick question — Germany beat England in knockout)
Who scored twice for England vs Germany in 2010?
Which country knocked England out of the 2010 World Cup?
Which city hosted the 2010 World Cup final?
Which stadium hosted the 2010 final?
Who scored the winning goal in extra time in 2010?
What was the score in the 2010 World Cup final?
Which country won the most World Cup games ever?
Which team had the most possession in the 2010 World Cup?
What style of play is Spain known for?
Who invented the Tiki-taka style for Spain?
Which club did most of Spain's 2010 squad play for?
Which country's coach was Marcello Lippi in 2006?
Who was France's coach at the 1998 World Cup?
Which country beat Brazil in the 1998 World Cup semifinals?
Who scored twice for France against Brazil in 1998?
Which country hosted the 1998 World Cup final in Paris?
What is the name of the Paris stadium used in 1998?
Who won the 1998 World Cup Golden Boot?
Which country is Davor Suker from?
Which country made their World Cup debut in 1998?
Which country won the 1978 World Cup?
Who was Argentina's captain in 1978?
Which country hosted the 1978 World Cup?
Which country reached the 1978 final but lost?
Which country defeated West Germany in the 1954 final? (trick — Germany WON in 1954 vs Hungary)
Who was the 1954 World Cup final played between?
What was called the "Miracle of Bern"?
Which player scored the winning goal in the "Miracle of Bern"?
Which country hosted the 1954 World Cup?
Which year was the World Cup cancelled due to World War II?
How many World Cups were cancelled due to WWII?
Which country won the World Cup three times in the 1950s and 1960s?
Which country hosted the first World Cup in South America?
Which two countries competed in the inaugural 1930 World Cup final?
What year was the Jules Rimet trophy stolen in England?
What was the name of the dog that found the stolen World Cup trophy?
How long was the Jules Rimet trophy awarded before being retired?
Which country permanently kept the Jules Rimet trophy?
What year did Brazil permanently keep the Jules Rimet trophy?
Who was Brazil's captain in the 1970 World Cup?
Which player scored what is considered the greatest World Cup goal in 1970?
Who scored the individual greatest dribbling goal in 1986?
What is Maradona's famous 1986 goal called?
How many players did Maradona dribble past for the Goal of the Century?
Which country did Maradona represent?
Which country did Argentina beat in the 1986 final?
How many times did Maradona play in the World Cup?
Which year was Maradona's last World Cup?
How many goals did Maradona score at World Cups overall?
Which country knocked Argentina out of the 2022 group stage? (trick — Saudi Arabia beat them but they still advanced)
Which team did Argentina beat in the 2022 final on penalties?
What was the score after extra time in the 2022 final?
Who was Argentina's goalkeeper in the 2022 final?
Which goalkeeper won the Golden Glove at the 2022 World Cup? (Bounou) Trick — Emiliano Martinez won it
Who scored Argentina's third goal in the 2022 final?
Which country does Lautaro Martinez play for?
Which player scored four goals in the 2022 knockout stage for France?
What record did Mbappe set in the 2022 final?
Which country was eliminated by Argentina in the 2022 group? (trick — none, Argentina lost to Saudi Arabia but advanced, then beat Australia)
Which country did Argentina beat in the 2022 round of 16?
Who scored for Australia against Argentina in 2022?
Which country does Harry Kane play for?
Which country eliminated England from the 2022 World Cup?
How many World Cups had England reached the semifinal before 2018?
Which country came third in the 2018 World Cup?
Which country came fourth in the 2018 World Cup?
Who was the best young player at the 2018 World Cup?
What award is given to the best young player at the World Cup?
Which country won all three of their group games in 2022?
Which year will the next World Cup after 2022 be held?
Which three countries are co-hosting the 2026 World Cup?
How many World Cup editions had been held by 2022?
Which country has scored the most World Cup goals in total?
Which country has the most World Cup titles combined with other major tournaments?
